Basic Readme

This is the template for a genaric side-scrolling video game.

If you've just downloaded this and never compiled before, do the following.
Go to the main directory with all the code (main.cpp Character.cpp, etc).
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..

To compile, go into the build/ folder and type the commands:
make clean
make

Then an executable called "main" should appear in the build folder. Run that.

IF SOMETHING SHOULD FAIL AT THIS POINT, DON'T PANIC.
Simply contact a VGC or Builds member familiar with cmake.

main.cpp: 
This is the command flow for the code. Also where collision detection and
gravity functions are.

Character.cpp:
This is where a character (right now, THE character) functions are. This keeps
track of where the character is and the actions it cand do (move, jump, etc).

level.cpp
This is what stores what's in the level. (Characters, terrain, etc).

types.h
This is where the various structs and types are declared.

consts.h
This is where the global defines are.


------------------------TO DO-------------------------------

Next step:

Have the camera focus on the main character.

Have terrain of SOME kind. 
(I know I shouldn't be thinking of stairs right now, but holy fuck those are 
going to be hard)

Bugs to fix:

Anything in the first column of the grid seems to ignore gravity

Can't change the position of objects.

If you land on the exact corner of an object, you get stuck until you jump

Does not land exactly at 40 pixels when jumping.

Also, the code currently runs very slowly on Linux. Finding a fix for that if we
want to work in openGL is a must.

--If you manage to hit both the right and down arrow keys just as the player hits
an object, you fall through it.
(Not been replicated for a while, so may no longer be a thing)

Formatting:

STRUCTS FUCK YOOOOOOOOU (make a good constructor for them)

CMake:
The Libraries you include specify exact file paths and that's a no no.
Macs and Windows don't use the same file system as Linux and this will cause
problems.

REMEMBER, OPENGL HAS THE ORIGIN AT THE LOWER LEFT OF THE SCREEN